README.md, before:

# EGammaSF


provides simple class to help analysist extract the scale-factors provided by EGamma POG.


## While in debugging stage:
    use makefile and test.cpp to get minimal working example
    
    
## Class properties:
     needs config file in which the filename for the corresponding root file, and the names of the histograms are specified 
     construct with ScaleFactorHelper( EGammaInput, bool )
        - first argument determines which scale factors are used. possibilities are:
                - electronRecoSF
                - electronLoose
                - electronTight
                - electronMedium
                - electronMVA80
                - electronMVA90
                - photonLoose
                - photonTight
                - photonMedium 
                - photonMVA90 
         - second argument set to one for more output for debugging, default 0       

     after initialization scale factors/ uncertainties / efficiencies can be calculated with the method GetSF(pt,eta), GetUncertainty(pt,eta), GetEfficiency(pt,eta,isData)
     
     
     
## structure of config-file:
    all arguments for one input have to started with "[<name of EGammaInput>" and stopped with "]"
    general syntax is "<name of variable to set>=<variable>" without putting any spaces in between
    minimal example:
        [electronLoose
            name=nameOfRootfile.root
        ]
        the name of the root-file that contains the scale factors has to be stated here! every other variable has a default
        
### setting the fit-flag:
    when using the FitFunction=<number> option in the config file the default fit function for the sf is changed
    functions that are available are the following:
    0 -> [0]+ atan([1]*pt)
    1 -> [0] + [1]/x
    2 -> [0] + [1]/x^2
    3 -> [0] + [1]/x^[2]
    11-> [0]
    
    added option to use numerical smoothing instead of fitting a function using:
    FitFunction=100
    
    different fit functions/ smoothing can be used in different eta regions:
    
          using : LocalFitFunction<1<3=1
          this will use a 1/x fit for the 1,2nd and third bin in eta
          all bins not covered by this are fitted with the function specified in FitFunction or the default 0 if no fit function is specified
          an arbitrary amount of local fit functions can be used

Commit message:

added functionality of finding the best fit for smoothed scale factors

README.md, after:

# EGammaSF


provides simple class to help analysist extract the scale-factors provided by EGamma POG.
use makefile and test.cpp to get minimal working example


## While in debugging stage:
    only in the debugging stage, are fits made for the smoothing of sf and the smoothed uncertainties are calculated and saved to the output file OUT*.root
    if the class is used in user mode, those functions are read from the OUT*.root file
    
    
## Class properties:
     needs config file in which the filename for the corresponding root file, and the names of the histograms are specified 
     construct with ScaleFactorHelper( EGammaInput, bool )
        - first argument determines which scale factors are used. possibilities are:
                - electronRecoSF
                - electronLoose
                - electronTight
                - electronMedium
                - electronMVA80
                - electronMVA90
                - photonLoose
                - photonTight
                - photonMedium 
                - photonMVA90 
         - second argument set to one for more output for debugging, default 0       

     after initialization scale factors/ uncertainties / efficiencies can be calculated with the method GetSF(pt,eta), GetUncertainty(pt,eta), GetEfficiency(pt,eta,isData)
     
     
     
## structure of config-file:
    all arguments for one input have to started with "[<name of EGammaInput>" and stopped with "]"
    general syntax is "<name of variable to set>=<variable>" without putting any spaces in between
    minimal example:
        [electronLoose
            name=nameOfRootfile.root
        ]
        the name of the root-file that contains the scale factors has to be stated here! every other variable has a default
        
### setting the fit-flag:
    when using the FitFunction=<number> option in the config file the default fit function for the sf is changed
    functions that are available are the following:
    0 -> [0]+ atan([1]*pt)
    1 -> [0] + [1]/x
    2 -> [0] + [1]/x^2
    3 -> [0] + [1]/x^[2]
    11-> [0]
    
    added option to use numerical smoothing instead of fitting a function using:
    FitFunction=100
    
    different fit functions/ smoothing can be used in different eta regions:
    
          using : LocalFitFunction<1<3=1
          this will use a 1/x fit for the 1,2nd and third bin in eta
          all bins not covered by this are fitted with the function specified in FitFunction or the default 0 if no fit function is specified
          an arbitrary amount of local fit functions can be used
          
    alternatively the option findBestFit can be used in order to loop over all possible fit functions, and set the function with the smallest chi2 value (for similiar chi2 the function with fewer parameters is favored) as fit function
